The first of the principles that is relevant to our research using the AREA Plus framework is the Anticipation and Purpose principle. This research should be undertaken since the correlation outcomes of the independent and dependent variables discussed are relevant to both the success of insurance companies and insurance customers. For example, in our second hypothesis, we predicted that insurance companies that process insurance claims received fewer complaints. The data can help some insurance companies in terms of perhaps leading them to process claims in order to receive fewer complaints. In addition, this data may also lead the customer to search for insurance companies that process their claims since they would be less likely to go through the process of filing a complaint.
	Another principle relevant to our research is the Engage and People principle, which is a continuation of the first principle discussed. The research is done and prioritized for the two stakeholder parties involved in the research: the insurance companies and the customers. This research presents possible factors and correlations between these factors that allow insurance companies to assess what attracts more customers as well as what leads customers away, and these factors allow for the customers to look for efficient insurance companies that they are less likely to file complaints towards.
	Finally, the last principle we used to assess our research was the Act and Purpose principle. In order to reach the desired future in which insurance companies receive more customers and receive less complaints as well as customers receiving quality customer service, action needs to be taken on both stakeholder parties utilizing the outcomes found in our research. For instance, insurance companies should develop methods to make insurance claim processes more time efficient and accurate in order to ensure customer satisfaction. In addition, the companies should provide the means of educating their customers of their policies and customers should take it on as their responsibility to retain the information in order to reduce the probability of complaints. 
